Examples/Earthquake1_Basic/README.rst, before:


Basic Earthquake
================

+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| Download files  | :github:`Github <Examples/Earthquake1_Basic/>`     |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------+



Required Files
--------------

#. :github:`cantilever_light.py <Examples/Earthquake1_Basic/input_data/model/cantilever_light.py>`


.. automodule:: cantilever_light
   :members:


.. currentmodule:: cantilever_light


.. autofunction:: build_model


.. autofunction:: run_analysis


Modeling Procedure
------------------



#. **GI**
    
   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-GI.png
      :width: 400px


#. **HAZ**
    
   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-HAZ.png
      :width: 400px

#. **ASD** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-ASD.png
      :width: 400px

#. **HTA** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-HTA.png
      :width: 400px

#. **MOD** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-MOD.png
      :width: 400px

#. **ANA** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-ANA.png
      :width: 400px

#. **DL** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-DL.png
      :width: 400px

#. **UQ** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-UQ.png
      :width: 400px

#. **RV** 

   For this problem, the **RV** panel will be left empty.


#. **RES** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-RES.png
      :width: 400px

Commit message:

cmp - Center/resize figures for examples

Examples/Earthquake1_Basic/README.rst, after:


Basic Earthquake
================

+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| Download files  | :github:`Github <Examples/Earthquake1_Basic/>`     |
+-----------------+----------------------------------------------------+



Required Files
--------------

#. :github:`cantilever_light.py <Examples/Earthquake1_Basic/input_data/model/cantilever_light.py>`
   This Python script defines the following functions which use OpenSeesPy to construct a structural model.


   .. automodule:: cantilever_light
      :members:


Modeling Procedure
------------------

The procedure for this example can be configured through the R2D interface by sequentially entering the following parameters into the respective panels:

#. **GI**
   
   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-GI.png
      :width: 600px
      :align: center


#. **HAZ**
    
   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-HAZ.png
      :width: 600px
      :align: center

#. **ASD** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-ASD.png
      :width: 600px
      :align: center

#. **HTA** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-HTA.png
      :width: 600px
      :align: center

#. **MOD** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-MOD.png
      :width: 600px
      :align: center

#. **ANA** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-ANA.png
      :width: 600px
      :align: center

#. **DL** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-DL.png
      :width: 600px
      :align: center

#. **UQ** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-UQ.png
      :width: 600px
      :align: center

#. **RV** 

   For this problem, the **RV** panel will be left empty.


#. **RES** 

   .. figure:: figures/r2dt-0001-RES.png
      :width: 600px
      :align: center
